[Autogenerated] once you identified mission,
learning is the right fit for your business problem.
You're next step will be to identify the right learning practice.
Machine learning has three learning types.
The first one is super waste learning.
This is similar to a child learning under the
guidance off a supervisor or a teacher.
Super is learning uses what we call as a label.
Data,
which means the outcome are the correct answer is already know it
tries to model a relationship between the inputs on the output from
the training data so that it can predict new outcomes for the test
data that you may feed later.
The second one is unsupervised learning.
This is similar to a child trying to figuring out things all by itself,
without any guidance or supervision.
In this technique,
you allow the model to work on it soon on discover information.
Unsupervised Learning uses unlabeled data and tries to
predict unknown patents in the data.
Third technique is reinforcement learning.
Imagine every time your kid exhibits a good behavior,
you reward our incentivize a kid to strengthen our reinforce
that specific behavior reinforcement learning uses the same
strategy on their is no level data.
It tries to study the problem and try to retrofit its model in order to improve.
Consider business questions like how much will be the monthly sales next month?
How many customers are likely to renew the
subscriptions off this specific services?
How many customers are likely to reorder the product in our website?
The answers to these questions are quantitative are continuous in nature.
To address business problems like this,
you'll be using any of the regression algorithms.
Regression Model studies the data for a relationship between input variables,
also known as independent variables,
with its corresponding output variables also learn is dependent variables.
With this knowledge, it can predict output responses for new, unseen data.
Regression models can be further classified into two broad categories.
First one is linear regression.
In a simple linear regression.
You have one independent variable X on one dependent variable.
Wi-Fi and algorithm will try to fit a slope line through all the point so
that the distance between the point in the line to the actual point is
minimum to check the accuracy of the model.
If you just sum the errors, it could possibly be zero,
because a positive error URL could potentially negative and negative error,
so you should Squire the error on then some disk wired error.
URL second one is a multiple.
Regression are multi variant regression.
In this case, you have one dependent variable.
Why, with multiple independent variables,
Polynomial regression is a special case off multiple regression where
the dependent variable Why is model as end the degree polynomial off
the input feature Our dependent variable X.
You primarily use this when the relationship doesn't look linear,
and you can use a polynomial line to minimize the
error and better fit the morning.
Now consider business questions like Is a patient
affected with the wine is or not?
Will the customer renew?
The service is a email, Spam or not?
The answers to these questions are discreet in nature.
To AD DS business problems like these,
you will use classifications algorithms when the number of
discrete possible outcomes is a simple yes,
no are true falsy.
It's called a binary classifications.
When the number of distinct classes is more than two,
it is called a multi class classification.
A simple example of a multi class classification is when you want
the model to predict the handwritten digits.
In this case, the digit can be anywhere between 0 to 9.
To predict the accuracy of the model,
you typically draw a confusion metrics and Docker metrics
like accuracy position on F one score.
We will see all these metrics in details later on.
In this course,
consider business questions like what are the top most common complaints by
customer while using this product or a service to others?
Business cases like these you will use unsupervised learning.
On specifically, you will use clustering algorithms.
Clustering is a type of unsupervised learning that try to
find patents of similarity on relationship.
Among the input data samples on then cluster these samples into various groups,
such that each group, our cluster of data,
has some similarity.
Sometimes when you have a lot of data features,
the model training process will become extremely complex
because off memory on space constraints.
This is also called us curse off dimensionality.
Dimensionality reduction is another type off unsupervised
learning that can be used in cases like these to reduce the
number of features from the input data.
As you start collecting and processing data,
you may see that there are some data points that are outliers.
This can be rare evens and may occur infrequently.
Unsupervised learning can be used for anomaly detection.
A normally detection is extremely popular in real life scenarios like security violation, identifying network issues and so on.